README.md, before:

# recruiter-autoresponse
Based on the Medium Article entitled - "Career Advice Nobody Gave Me: Never ignore a recruiter" this repo has a copyable script which you can use to auto-respond to recruiters.

This is licensed under MIT so please feel free to fork and use as you'd like. 

If you like it, please consider leaving a github star.  I think that it would be super cool to see how many people this helps.

## the autoresponse

```
Thanks so much for reaching out. I'm always interested in hearing about what new and exciting opportunities are out there. As a software consultant I'm sure you can imagine that I get a very high volume of recruiters reaching out on LinkedIn. It is a wonderful position of privilege to be in and I'm thankful for it.

It does however mean that I don't have the time to hop on a call with everyone who reaches out. A lot of the time, incoming messages represent a very poor fit indeed.

I would love to continue the conversation, but before I do, I'd like to level set around the level of seniority that you're looking for. 

Can you send along the company name, a job description and duration of the contract, for the role you're reaching out in reference to? 

While I very much appreciate the fact that exceptionally talented and engaged recruiters reach out consistently, sorting serious and high quality opportunities from spam would be a full time job without an autoresponder.

In the absence of detailed information regarding the nature of the opportunity in question, I will be unavailable for further discussion.
Thanks again for reaching out!
 
I look forward to hearing from you.

Michael
```

Commit message:

Added sentence about contract positions only

README.md, after:

# recruiter-autoresponse
Based on the Medium Article entitled - "Career Advice Nobody Gave Me: Never ignore a recruiter" this repo has a copyable script which you can use to auto-respond to recruiters.

This is licensed under MIT so please feel free to fork and use as you'd like. 

If you like it, please consider leaving a github star.  I think that it would be super cool to see how many people this helps.

## the autoresponse

```
Thanks so much for reaching out. I'm always interested in hearing about what new and exciting opportunities are out there. As a software consultant I'm sure you can imagine that I get a very high volume of recruiters reaching out on LinkedIn. It is a wonderful position of privilege to be in and I'm thankful for it.

It does however mean that I don't have the time to hop on a call with everyone who reaches out. A lot of the time, incoming messages represent a very poor fit indeed.

I would love to continue the conversation, but before I do, I'd like to level set around the level of seniority that you're looking for. However I am only interested in hearing about freelance contracts, if you are writing about a permanent position, I shall be unavailable for further discussion.

Can you send along the company name, a job description and duration of the contract, for the role you're reaching out in reference to? 

While I very much appreciate the fact that exceptionally talented and engaged recruiters reach out consistently, sorting serious and high quality opportunities from spam would be a full time job without an autoresponder.

In the absence of detailed information regarding the nature of the opportunity in question, I shall be unavailable for further discussion.
Thanks again for reaching out!
 
I look forward to hearing from you.

Michael
```
